people gave to me and my family and my
mom and other kids in my situation when
they had nothing to gain in return and
that's character you know when when you
can give someone something and do
something for somebody and it's really
not about you it's really about helping
them I mean you're not expecting
anything return everybody welcome to
impact Geary you were here my friends
because you believe that human potential
is nearly limitless but you know that
having potential is not the same as
actually doing something with it so our
goal with this show and company is to
introduce you to the people and ideas
that will help you actually execute on
your dreams all right today's guest is
world-famous WWE Superstar titus O'Neil
he is one of the most extraordinary
examples that I have ever seen that your
circumstances do not determine what you
can become on paper he had everything
going against him he was born into
extreme poverty when his mother was
raped at the age of 11 and gave birth to
him at 12 he was told that he would end
up dead or in jail by the age of 16 and
honestly in his early teens that seemed
not only likely but probable he was
drawn to the streets fiercely rebellious
wildly disrespectful and completely out
of control fortunately for him his
mother sent him to the sheriff's ranch
and there he began to turn his life
around he poured his passions and
aggressions into football and even
though people told them he was too small
and uncoordinated to ever play in
college he graduated as one of the most
decorated football players in the
country
with unending discipline and drive he
got so good that he had his pick of
schools and was ultimately offered a
football scholarship to the University
of Florida where he played under
legendary coach Steve Spurrier his
tenure was so successful on and off the
field that he graduated in three years
and was inducted into the University of
Florida Football Hall of Fame he also
went on to get his master's degree in
higher education and play professional
football in both the NFL and the arena
football league before joining the WWE
his accomplishments in the spotlight
however really do pale in comparison to
what he's done off the field and out of
the ring
in 2014 he was honored as the
humanitarian of the year by the rainbow
coalition in 2015 he was named celebrity
dad of the year and this year the NHL
team Tampa Bay Lightning named him the
community hero so please help me in
welcoming the man who is as comfortable
on the Ted stage inspiring people as he
is in the ring finishing people off the
driving force behind the joy of giving
charity which gives 10,000 deserving
kids gifts and family services every
year Thaddeus Pollard aka WWE Superstar
titus o Neill
thank you for joining us today thank you
you are an absolute wall of humanity I
cannot imagine facing you in the ring
that would be pure insanity the complete
tone I can imagine yeah I can imagine
so talk to me about the the outfits men
they are absolutely dynamite you and I
were talking before we started rolling
about what they mean to you what what is
that all about well I mean just based on
how I grew up you know I I couldn't
afford nice clothes so I got picked on a
lot and bullied a lot about how to
clothes that I wore and always had the
desire to might make a statement with
fashion but I just didn't have the money
and stuff to do that but as I got older
I realized you know people look at you
differently when you dress a certain way
and your appearance means everything to
some people right out of the gate I just
try to represent for the job that I want
and not for the job that I have I want
to be able to you know beyond talk shows
like this and in platforms like this
where I can be an inspiration and and
also draw people into just a different
mindset of like what what it is to be an
african-american what it is a bit
african-american athlete a father all
these stereotypes that come along with
you know my demographic of people I kind
of for a very young age I've always
wanted to just dispel all those rumors
what athlete acts like what a what a
student athlete should or shouldn't be
and I think a lot of that had to do with
me just taking pride and how I looked
how I felt about myself and how I
treated others so walk me through it
like you're clearly deeply introspective
what was your internal life as a kid
like when people are making fun of your
clothes and you know saying that your
shoes are talking in self like what is
the internal story about you that's
going on in your mind I mean my first
result was to fight you know somebody
and a lot of times it resulted in
somebody talking about my mom and I just
never I just never have been one to talk
about anybody's mom you know it has a
younger age you know sometimes kids get
caught up in
you know ragging on or harbored a
determine nowadays as in say Dayton is
offered out here but uh I didn't have a
male role model at the house that can
tell me teach me how to fight or teach
me how not to fight my mom would just
get upset just because she'd have to
come out you know off her jaw which she
wasn't making much money at the time
waiting tables come to the school
constantly because I'd either fall or
customer out or you know just cause
trouble and I just felt like that was
the only way that I was going to be able
to to keep these people from picking on
me but it never stopped my mighty they'd
get jumped or they just come back the
next day and do the same thing so you
mentioned Earth in the introduction I
went to a place called a Florida Cher's
Boys Ranch and it was there that I still
got it two fights early all still custom
people out early old Baba who you and
you went I was twelve
okay yeah so but there was a man there
Patrick we know that just took a liking
to me
he was like that one of the directors at
a time so when everybody else wanted to
kick me off because they were like this
kid just saying gonna get it whoa
so even at the sheriff's ranch and were
like the most troublemaking
well I wouldn't say I was the most
trouble awakened but I was definitely in
the top five but I was also like one of
the bigger kids so it's a threat there
you know and I did skip his kid really
got upset he could really hurt someone
and so then they end up moving me to the
cottage with the older kids and nobody
picked on me there and they kind of
taught me how to be a teenager and it
helped me grow up fast you know being
around kids that were more mature they
still had their issues every kid that
was there had issues but they were or a
lot closer to understanding it's gonna
take hard work discipline and
and learning how to work with other
people in order to get to the next level
and for many of them just like myself it
was gonna be a there were going to be a
first time the first-generation college
student
some of them will be you know first time
graduating from high school they come
from a level of poverty or whatever so
it was a good move for me it was a good
good good learning lesson but also at
that point I think when mr. Minogue did
to me was when he told me I love you and
I believe in you you know I never heard
anybody come to me and tell me that and
he was a stranger to me and the day
after he told me that our relationship
just flourish he if I was getting ready
to get in trouble whatever I was the
only person on campus that would be able
to call him you know and he'd come out
and play basketball with me he was a
huge to cago Bulls fan to because he was
from Chicago so we had that tie and
together but he also told me something
that was very critical in my way of
thinking he had asked me the question
you know why do you think it is that you
get into so much trouble and I said man
I don't know I'm just too back here you
know ice all I've ever done you know and
you know up to that point that's all I
had been label it was a bad kid I was
put in specific learning disability
class OD classes and I was never dumb
you know I just never applied myself and
so mr. Manoel you know to me was the
epitome of just genuine love and didn't
matter what religion you were color I
was or what background I came from he
just saw something in me that made him
say to me I love you and I believe in
you and he didn't wouldn't tell me why
he told me that there's no such thing as
a bad kid he told me as I got older I'll
find that out and I realized there was
no such thing as a bad kid there are
kids that are in bad situations around
that influences making bad decisions and
you take those same kids you put them in
a good environment around good people
and they're 9 times out of 10 have you
know gonna have greater success walk me
through the the mindset shift because I
wanna the frame what your story seems
like from the outside so I've worked in
the inner cities a lot and I work
with a very aggressive young man in a
one-on-one sort of Big Brother situation
and I was too young and dumb to really
understand how to help him and so my
only thing was I just want to show him
things in the world because he never saw
anything beautiful so I used to take him
to see movies in Beverly Hills just
because even though I was broke it was
like movies Casas statement right so I
want him to see something beautiful but
I never felt like whatever was going on
like whatever story or belief system he
had that was making him so angry like it
never changed something and I told him I
love you and all of that so there was
something that is either unique to you
or the way that you thought or mr.
Minogue and what he said but what do you
remember sort of what you were thinking
at the time that began to change was it
a a thawing of your your anger over your
situation when he said he loved you or
what what was it how could you replicate
that with other kids well I think every
kid is different you know in every
situations of your situation in with the
kid that you were with he might have
heard people tell him they loved him a
thousand times with any turnaround and
proceeded to Paul and dumb or stupid or
whatever it may be and so to him that's
what love was and he didn't like it so
it takes a lot to try to mold that
relationship just you know saying I love
you it's great but and going to the
movies is great but find out what his
interests are you know I'm a big
supporter of public education and
private education but I'm not out here
telling these kids go to school get a
good job
go to college college ain't for
everybody I know people that went to
college with me that were superb
students and they still don't have a job
today but there are some kids out there
are a lot of kids out there that are
very creative so what we have to do is
try to find a way to take what you're
good at and and find out what other
person's good at and find a way to make
that work because well it's interesting
because you've talked so much about the
power of Education and I've seen so many
interviews where you're like look I'll
be
right I've got my education I I can I
was doing something before I got into
the WWE and I'll be doing something
after so like what are you saying to
your kids I find that's a pretty good
litmus test well so we have three rules
in my home the first rule is to love and
respect everybody you come in contact
with you're not going to agree with them
you're not gonna even know like them on
some occasions but you love them and you
respect them
number two is to be your best you know
if your best is a C on the test
even if it's D or F on the test I you
know you can never be disappointed if
you know you gave it your all and then
you know number three is we don't use
the word can't you know it's not in our
vocabulary I was told in my entire life
you'll never do this you'll never do
that you can't do this you it's
impossible for you to do that when you
tell somebody what they can do for some
people that drives them you know because
you know I gonna tell me what I can or
cannot do but for other people when you
tell them all you'll never be able to do
that like that that could be the
breaking straw you know in that back for
that person that's their spirit to
actually go out and succeed so I never
tell my kids if they come to me and they
may have the most outrageous idea I'll
say all right cool let's figure out how
we're gonna do it I never said oh man
you can't do that we in doing that
because I try to live by example by them
saying you know there's this whole thing
with the joy given that you talked about
earlier I mean we've done that for the
last seven years
I think on average we give them between
eight eight hundred and a thousand gifts
per year well so now you know I talked
about like growing you know and I said
it last year like I want to I want to be
able to have this event so big that we
have to have an Iranian Stadium and I
want a football stadium to be the focal
point because everybody knows where the
stadium is and then I want to do it on
the outside of the stadium because I
want people to drive by say oh what the
hell is going on over there
and then they actually pull in and find
out so I've gotten pretty much all the
law enforcement agencies and churches
and some secular organizations and and
the mayor and everybody else involved in
this whole thought process it's not just
like the gift the gift is just a carrot
it's like number one we we can do stuff
together you know if you're if your
agenda is to help make an impact on
people's lives then it shouldn't matter
if your name's at the top of the banner
it shouldn't matter if you know your
your gifts have certain name tags or
whatever what however you want to do it
they won't be wrapped we want these kids
to see you're getting a good quality
gift we're not just gonna hand them some
stuff and say oh I happen I'll give you
a teddy bear at 12 years old and you're
looking I don't want to study bear and
then next time you know somebody's
saying you know all the kid was
ungrateful well that's your impression
so we want you you know you want these
kids are accustomed to saying you're
gonna live in this government housing
you're gonna go to this school you're
gonna go here and do this is all you're
good enough to have I'm missing that and
I want to be completely opposite not
only in a sense of what kind of gift
they get but then how it's presented to
him with dignity and then also to we all
do these things given you know baskets
and we feed the homeless and feed the
needy we do it around Christmastime we
do these big Christmas drives but what
happens the other 364 days you know
these kids that are coming out there in
need and Indonesia it's not gonna
disappear because they got a toy or
because they have food so we we have
another aspect of this thing is I'm
really excited about what's called
engage 364 where we're taking agencies
that do different support services
throughout the year and inviting them to
come out and present their services and
we'll have a guide so that people when
they leave they're oh you know I need
life insurance but I don't make enough
money well we got a company there's
gonna give free life Michele oh yeah we
have the United Way who's been big great
partners with with me and you know they
they have services to help people you
know fill out college applications and
the tests and grant forms and then
do all that stuff for free but they've
been doing that stuff for free
year-round just some people just don't
know because they don't have access to
that information so we want to try to
bring all these folks together and with
the hopes that and we make these
resources work together to really make
significant change not just put a
bandaid on this issue you know buying
school supplies is great but what can we
do to have it so that they don't have to
buy as many school supplies every year
you know get a sponsor to already have
that in place they'll have an event
where we can do a big backpack giveaway
with and serve thousands of kids mm-hmm
makes a lot of sense I want to go back
to what you said about can't so you
don't say can't your household you were
told can't a thousand times as a kid and
I love what you said like that one can't
could be the straw that broke the
camel's back for that kid and then
really truly he believes it why didn't
you ever break like literally reading
your story on paper it's crazy man I
don't know how you ever got out from
under that story so what was it about
you that made that you were just
impossible to break well I'm super
competitive so nobody's gonna tell me
what I can't do and that's what you were
thinking even as a kid even as a kid
like I might not have been good at it I
mean somebody don't you I can't sing but
don't tell me I can't sing oh because
I'm gonna give you my best thing it
possible it's not that I can't sing it's
just I don't sing well but you know I'm
saying so it's like for me I always had
a drive to like not prove people wrong
but to prove God's right you know God
said he has great plans for me and and
like you know I my attachment to the
homeless is that it was a homeless god
he used to come out to our high school
football practices and he asked you know
I used to ask her did he say can I talk
to you for a second oh yeah what's going
on because I used to start giving him
this stuff you know that we didn't use I
give him the muffins or the danishes or
whatever whatever we had leftover I just
if you wanted it and so you know he said
I just want to tell you that God's got a
huge calling on your life to change a
lot of people's lives and if I wanted to
be a jerk at a time I mean I will why
why if you so you know in tune with God
why are you in the situation but I
wasn't I received it and you know it was
my first thought process of life if this
guy's saying this to me
he sees something to me but I also want
to find out how he got into this
situation and so I ended up asking him
and he said you know if I told you that
I used to be an executive living in a
really nice house and beautiful wife and
kids would you believe me and I said
well if that's what you say then that's
that's wha that's what I got to believe
and he was like well that was a case but
gambling drugs and alcohol took me away
from my family and you never really like
understand people's pain and why they
are in certain situations even me with
my pain and while I was feeling a
certain way until you actually have a
conversation and they're willing to open
up and talk to you about it and you know
probably a few months after meeting him
you know I'd asked one of my teammates
to you know kind of help him find work
because they they had a pretty pretty
good business there and I was doing
really well they ended up giving him a
job doing a place to stay and then you
know next thing I know I'm moving out
two years later he's running the whole
southern region and he goes from being a
guy that's homeless to being a guy that
has a job and I god I ended up having a
good relationship with through high
school
and I kind of helped bring this kid guys
family together at 13 years old so I'm
like well maybe this is what he means
you know connecting people I'm a man of
faith I believe in God and Jesus
somebody else and their interpretation
of what God and Jesus is maybe
completely opposite of mine and maybe
Lutheran Catholic you know Baptist
whatever and they have different modes
of religion and
do things in a religious way well if
they read the Bible the same Bible that
I do Jesus walked amongst everyone and
he died for everybody whether you went
to the church or didn't go to the church
and then from a political standpoint
like it's like there's cricket people on
both sides right Democrat and Republican
not all of them are just like about not
all police officers or bad police
officers but at what point are we gonna
come together and make it about people
and not just people from the upper class
or not just people from the lower class
with just people in general because if
me you and your wife are all sitting in
a hospital my mom has cancer
your mom has cancer your wife's mom has
cancer
I'll guarantee you not one time we come
oh well you know are you a Democrat or a
Republican you know what what church do
you go to that a that's the least thing
that we worried about trying to have
commonality between whether or not we
have shared the same religion or
political background we care about we're
all here for the same purpose our moms
are dealing with cancer we want to do
whatever we can to keep them on this
earth and that connects us right so we
can actually find the genuine side of
who we are what we represent and whether
you're a Democrat and I'm a Republican
or I'm a Republican and you're a
Democrat it doesn't matter because we
learn each other as people and it's okay
to agree to disagree and then this whole
thing of like can't we all get along and
with this gets thrown around all the
time no we can't all get along I can't
get along with a person that is a bully
I can't get along with a person that's
manipulative to people I can't get along
with you know racist folks just I just
never have and never will but I can get
along with those that have a like mind I
want to make change and they're all wait
you've called yourself a bridge builder
in the past and you've got a pretty
amazing story I'd love for you to share
with us about when your grandmother was
dying of cancer and you were visiting
her in the hospital every day and there
was a pretty hateful woman tell us that
story
so my grandmother passed away from
breast cancer in 1995 I was going to the
hospice the woman that was her roommate
per se um was very she was from south
and you know and she was very racist you
know every time I come in the room she'd
say oh well that goes up boy I had to do
everything I could she you know I knew I
had grown because I didn't respond the
way I probably should respond it has she
caught me a couple years earlier but uh
you know my grandmother after a few
weeks my grandmother you know she
reached over and pulled grab my arm and
she was like you know if I if I if I
have to happen to die before she does I
want you to come back and see her and
I'm like no ha ha ha this is just not my
grandmother talking right now
and so I you know it should I end up
happening like three weeks after my
grandmother said that my grandmother
passed away and so my grandmother I saw
something at a time that I didn't really
understand why she was doing it but I
went back and I go into this room and
the lady's like like most sits up on her
seat and she's just started bawling
crying and this is the racist lady yes
and then she was like I'm I'm so glad I
got a chance to see you again I thought
I'd never see you again you know I
apologize for how I treated you you know
I've gone to church I've done so many
things you know in church I've served
the homeless etc etc but I did I wasn't
doing the one thing and I know that God
would have approved of the most that's
loving his people and then she uh she
asked me if I can give her a hug and I
said in my TED talk you know I was a
little apprehensive about doing that
because she she could have you know sank
me or something like that on the side
but you know I hugged her and that when
I hugged her she said yeah you're like
the son that I never
and I'm going okay I never understand I
didn't understand it at the time I'm
walking out and then the ladies say you
know the ladies up front they were like
I was so beautiful to witness because
you know essentially the reason why she
has so much anger towards you was
because she kind of got dropped off
which it happens a lot in nursing homes
or you know care centers the family
dropping off and she has two daughters
and the daughters just couldn't handle
the scene they're you know their mom in
that position and my grandmother saw
that before I would have ever saw it she
just saw you know an opportunity for
even the hardest of hearts to be changed
even in their dying days when that guy
told me I love you I believe in you that
changed what I thought of white people
that changed what I thought of people
thought of me and I even did exercise at
a TED talk where I said you know take
everybody take your phones out hmm and
you know I want you to text anybody in
your phone you can do it here too
and text them exactly what I tell you to
text them say I love you and I believe
in you well for some people that
response was I mean I told me you gonna
get one of three responses number one is
hey are you okay what's going on do I do
something wrong you know because it's
not really out of nowhere right and then
the other one is you know man I really
needed that
you know I was having a tough day and
it's good and you know it came at a good
time and in a third when they gonna
reciprocate what it was said to them
they're gonna say to you although I love
you and I believe in you too so if you
could have impact on somebody that you
know that way then just imagine what's
going to happen when you do that to a
complete stranger and it may not be I
love you and I believe in you it may be
to action of showing me you're worthy of
nice clothes or nice pair of shoes or
you're worthy of you're worthy of being
able to go and enjoy a movie
you know in college the more successful
people of the month most of the time the
people that are more well-rounded in
business is the same way you know
investors the more well-rounded their
portfolio is nine times out of ten you
know I mean you rich you know the soap
so you kind of have an appreciation for
what other people do and whatever the
people gone through but you can be
inspired on any given moment any given
day just talking to people and when you
decide to start being honest about
talking openly about what had happened
oh that in itself is such an act of
courage yeah because I used to have this
pretender uh-huh really yeah like there
was a guy that like you know he was
Santa he was my dad and but he was
really never around but you believed he
was your dad to a certain degree I think
we all have this like the ability to
like tell that something's wrong here
and I call the discernment and I kind of
knew I wasn't is his kid but at the same
token like if he wants to step into that
role that's great but the problem is him
stepping in several I'm just saying he's
my dad is not enough when you're not
around you know you're telling me you
gonna do something one minute and the
next minute you're not you know that's
one thing even with my kids you know I
always tell them like just be 100%
honest with me that the beauty in that
is that every school I go to every
organization I go to every parent that I
talk to they're like man we love your
sons
they're the sweetest most humblest kids
they work hard they're leaders you know
all these things and that to me as a
father like that's more their character
and that's why I mean I wear this band
you know champions leave with character
and talk to me define character because
the way you define it is amazing yeah so
to me character is
is being able to to be a champion for
for cause based on not only your beliefs
but your experiences because like we get
taught certain things a certain way
right like most intercity kids get
talked oh well you need to you know make
good grades so you can go to school and
do this and do that but they never get
taught beyond time you know show
discipline show respect tolerance for
others this and that but they never
teach that you know and that's that's
that's the character issue nobody's
telling you how to be good to another
person they're teaching you how to do
something from a book and so for me
characters being able to you know
authentically live out who you really
are
to the best of your abilities is on a
daily basis I also once heard you add to
that that character is how you treat
somebody when you know they can't give
you anything yeah yeah you know my here
my whole thing is like people gave to me
and my family and my mom and other kids
in my situation when they had nothing to
gain in return and that's character you
know when when you can give someone
something and do something for somebody
and it's really not about you it's
really about helping them I mean you're
not expecting anything return right
speaking of your kids I know at one
point they were playing on a football
team if I'm not mistaken but they didn't
keep score they didn't tell me who was
winning what was your reaction to that
yeah they were three and five they were
playing flag football and you know I
just like came it was one of like the
few Saturdays that I was able to like
like be there be there so I'm at the
game and I see TJ score a couple
touchdowns and then I see another kid
score a couple touchdowns in the other
team like score two or three times but
all this time that this corns going on
I'm not seeing like a scoreboard I just
see a clock and they're playing time
house so I after the game I was like man
good job bro you did good your team to
get him napping up all the teammates and
telling the coach thank you for taking
time to coach my kids etc
and I was like you know what was the
score of the game and TJ was like oh dad
they don't keep score here I say well
I'm just gonna be y'all ass game haha I
mean my kids learn how to win and learn
how to lose and everything that they do
in life is gonna be measured by numbers
you know if you go to college is based
on your GPA and test scores if you want
to get a job it's based on numbers you
know what X years of experience and etc
etc what kind of degree you had this and
that if you want to go and play sports
and be successful at it they're gonna
look at numbers first they'll say oh he
averages 31 points a game you know let's
give this cheer to look everything's
based on numbers and then the records
you know they're not as important but
the numbers are definitely important and
I want my kids to learn how to lose and
learn how to win and if you don't even
know like what the score is and you
don't know if you win it's a close game
you try to keep it in your head and this
and that naw look up at that scoreboard
and you see you're down by three with
you know three minutes left how are you
gonna respond you know how are your
teammates gonna respond how you gonna
get them to to gather gather around and
rally together in the fourth quarter in
that short period of time to come from
three and end up hopefully winning by
one or three or five or whatever so yeah
I'm not with that you know you know we
just trying to teach the kids to have a
good time that's not that's not how I
was raised
that's not how I think kids should be
raised because they don't get taught how
to lose you know they don't get taught
how to win and win with character when
with dignity and integrity your life has
spanned like this incredible range from
where you started to the levels of a
success that you have now what does it
take to be the best number one is a work
ethic you got to be passionate about
whatever it is that you're gonna do
whether it be you know an artist
entertainer sports figure political like
whatever it is did you decide to do in
life you have to have an extreme work
ethic you gotta be willing to do stuff
that other people aren't willing to do
you have to respect the first thing
I taught my kids when they can
understand it was how to shake
somebody's hand and you know for me for
as an African American there were times
where you couldn't look certain people
in the eyes you know and you had to look
down when you taught yes sir
yes sir and this and that and I'm like
look people in I because it shows
confidence it shows that you respect
yourself you respect them and it draws
them into being interested and then make
sure that handshakes firm you know
don't shake and even kids now I mean
kids eight nine ten years old and like
hey man what's going on they give me a
little two fingers and I'm like nah brah
pushing them off right in front of their
mom and dad say we're gonna try this
again and I tell them this whole thing
about shaking someone's hand and these
are people that have been like sponsors
and CEOs or whatever that their kids
learned something right there and then
they look at me there's like man and
thank you for that and their wife and
the husband like thank you for that so
for me it's like you have to set the
precedence of like being authentic you
know we live in a very you know
inauthentic world where we don't do
nearly as much as we could do if we
didn't have an agenda I don't have an
agenda you know my only agenda is is to
literally change everybody's life that I
could possibly change in one way or
another being authentic and being me has
as literally changed my whole life
because people are really starving for
truth what are you what are you teaching
your kids about adversity how do you
want to see them handle it like
obviously what you do is so physical
there's such a pain threshold that you
have to be willing to deal with and I'm
sure you've got some pretty deep lessons
about that my kids when it comes to
adversity they know since Kant isn't an
option they have no choice but to fight
through whatever it is they have issues
with because Kant is not an option it's
either I will or I won't I can I know I
but I will or I won't you know and
that's the thing and in some cases you
may try your hardest and you just don't
win or you don't pass a test or you
don't succeed that's part of life all
right before I ask my last question
where can these guys find you online
they can find me at titus O'Neil WWE
Facebook which I don't have any friend
requests able to be pushed through but
you can follow me on titus O'Neil you
can get through on that one and then
under 30 as Buller it's my real net the
tapes book page I last question what is
the impact that you want to have on the
world
the impact I want to have on the world
to me it's simple but I know it's very
hard to do I want to get people to
understand like the root causes and quit
putting band-aids over the issues the
root cause of the justice system being a
way that it is was to try to really
figure out how to make that different
the root cause of public education and
the travesty really notice and we it
bothers me that we're more willing to
put money into prisons then we are
willing to put money into educating
people and help mental health illness
which is a real thing to a lot of people
even those that have gone to college and
been successful I like to see our
members that are served in the military
a lot different and better and I like to
try to have an impact of hopefully you
know consolidating some of this homeless
environment that we have in the country
and I know I can't do that myself and my
pastor used to say all the time have to
Chloe used to say all the time you know
we can't do everything but we can do
something and so I just want to
encourage everybody out there to do
something
guys this is definitely somebody that's
going to blow your mind to me the what
he really shows is how far a human life
can go and how much you do not need to
be defined by your circumstances it
really up to you is up to you to tell
your own story to define for yourself
what the things in your life have meant
how you meet adversity it's absolutely
astonishing to think how many times that
he was told no and that if I gave you
his life story on paper you would say
for sure this guy never goes anywhere
and the fact that he is just time after
time after time proving people wrong
from being told that he was too small
and uncoordinated to play football and
yet becomes one of the most decorated
all-american high school players goes on
to play in college gets into the college
Hall of Fame goes on to the NFL and
Arena League I mean it's it's absolute
insanity and even post-injury
continues to play football and then goes
into have an astonishing career and the
WWE is a phenomenal entertainer teaching
himself how to do all of that never
taking no for an answer and the thing
that I find most fascinating about him
is he's a bridge builder and somebody
that doesn't sit there and wallow and
dwell in the things that went wrong or
the hardships that he's had in his life
he's only looking for ways to make other
people's lives better and I really hope
you heard and understood the part about
as a 13 year old making a connection
with a homeless man that ends up seeing
him reunited with his whole family it's
absolutely incredible there are so many
tales like that as you dive into him so
follow him socially watch him on the WWE
and look at the stuff that he's doing
philanthropic alee it will blow your
mind all right guys if you haven't
already be sure to subscribe and until
next time my friends be legendary
take care
everybody thank you so much for watching
and being a part of this community if
you haven't already be sure to subscribe
you're going to get weekly videos on
building a growth mindset cultivating
grit and unlocking your full potential